What did the blonde say when asked if she wanted to be a Jehovah Witness? - Gee, I didn't even see the accident.
What do you get when you have 20 blondes in the freezer? - Frosted Flakes.
What do blondes and computers have in common? - You don't know how much you appreciate them until they go down on you.
What's a blondes favorite drink? - The next one.
Why do animals put their noses in blondes crotch? - Because they can.
What did the postcard from the blonde say? - Having a great time.  Where am I?
How does a blonde turn on the lights after sex? - She opens the car door.
What do you call a brunette between 2 blondes? - The interpreter.
How many big busted blondes does it take to change a light bulb? - As many as you can get.
What's the difference between a blonde and a puppy? -	After six months a puppy stops whining.
This blonde was so dumb - that she had to take off her blouse to count to two.
The most expensive thing in the world is a blonde - who is free for the night.
Why did GOD invent Orgasms? -	So blondes will know when you're through.
Why are women amazing? - They give milk without eating hay, bleed without being cut and bury bones without digging holes.
This blonde is so dumb - She doesn't realize that you can play the AM radio in the afternoon.
Why don't blondes take hot showers? -	It fogs up the mirrors.
Why do blondes wear shoulder pads? - So they don't hurt themselves when they talk (move head sideways).
How do you drown a blonde? - Put a mirror in the bottom of the pool.
Why did the blonde get turned down for auto insurance? - She was getting rear-ended too much.
How do blondes hold their liquor? - By their ears.
Why don't blondes play frisbee? - It hurts their teeth.
Why are blonde jokes so short? - So blondes will understand them.
What do you call an intelligent blonde? - A Golden Retriver.
What does a blonde say after you blow in her ear? - Thanks for the refill.
Why don't blondes take coffee breaks? - Because it takes them too long to retrain them.
What does a blonde say after sex? - Are all of you on the same team.
What does a blonde say after finding out she's pregnant? - Gee, I hope it's mine.
What do you call a blonde with half a brain? - Gifted.
Why do blondes wear green lipstick? -	Because red means stop.
Why is it good to have a blonde passenger? - Because you can park in the handicapped spots.
Why do blondes wear panties? - To keep their ankles warm.
Why do blondes wear so much hairspray? - So they can catch all the things going over their head.
What is a blonde's mating call? - I'm so drunk.
What is a brunette's mating call? - Are all the blondes gone.
How do you make a blonde laugh on Friday? - Tell her a joke on Thursday.
Why do blondes have T.G.I.F. on their shoes? - Toes Go In First!
Why did the blonde have square boobs? - She forgot to take the kleenex out of the box.
How do you put a sparkle in a blondes eyes? -	Shine a flashlight in her ear.
What is the most used 4 letter word by a blonde? - NEXT!
How many blondes does it take to screw in a lightbulb? - One, she holds it in the socket and waits for the world to revolve around her
Between which two toes is a girl the most ticklish? - The two big ones!
Why did the blonde go to Hollywood? -	She wanted to make love under the stars.
