11 Rules In Life According to Bill Gates: 1)  Life is not fair, get used to it. 
11 Rules In Life According to Bill Gates: 2)  The world won't care about your self-esteem. The world will expect you to accomplish something before you feel good about yourself. 
11 Rules In Life According to Bill Gates: 3)  You will not make $40,000 a year right out of high school. You won't be a vice-president with a car phone, until you earn both. 
11 Rules In Life According to Bill Gates: 4)  If you think your teacher is tough, wait until you get a boss. He doesn't have tenure. 
11 Rules In Life According to Bill Gates: 5)  Flipping burgers is not beneath your dignity. Your grandparents had a different word for burger-flipping-they called it opportunity. 
11 Rules In Life According to Bill Gates: 6)  If you mess up, it's not your parents fault, so don't whine about your mistakes, learn from them. 
11 Rules In Life According to Bill Gates: 7)  Before you were born, your parents weren't as boring as they are now. They got that way from paying your bills, cleaning your clothes and listening to you talk about how cool you are. So, before you save the rainforest from the parasites of your parent's generation, try "delousing" the closet in your own room. 
11 Rules In Life According to Bill Gates: 8)  Your school may have done away with winners and losers, but life has not. In some schools they have abolished failing grades, they'll give you as many times as you want to get the right answer. This doesn't bear the slightest resemblance to ANYTHING in real life. 
11 Rules In Life According to Bill Gates: 9)  Life is not divided into semesters. You don't get summers off and very few employers are interested in helping you find yourself. Do that on your own time. 
11 Rules In Life According to Bill Gates: 10)  Television is NOT real life. In real life, people actually have to leave the coffee shop and go to their job.
11 Rules In Life According to Bill Gates: 11)  Be nice to nerds - chances are that you'll end up working for one! 
