6 50 ways to FREAK your roommate - Insist that you are a vegetarian and protest anytime your roommate eats meat.  Then leave "Slim Jim" wrappers on the floor and lie on     the bed holding your stomach everytime your roommate walks in.  If he/she asks about the wrappers, say you know nothing about them.
6 50 ways to FREAK your roommate - Get some hair.  Disperse it around your roommate's head while he/she is asleep.  Keep a pair of scissors by your bed.  Snicker at your roommate every morning.
6 50 ways to FREAK your roommate - Every time your roommate walks in yell, "Hooray!  You're back!" as loud as you can and dance around the room for five minutes. Afterwards, keep looking at your watch and saying, "Shouldn't you be going somewhere?
6 50 ways to FREAK your roommate - Trash the room when your roommate's not around.  Then leave and wait for your roommate to come back.  When he/she does, walk in and act surprised.  Say, "Uh-oh, it looks like, THEY, were here again."
6 50 ways to FREAK your roommate - Every time you see your roommate yell, "You son of a..." and kick him/her in the stomach.  Then buy him/her some ice cream.
6 50 ways to FREAK your roommate - Set your roommate's bed on fire.  Apologize and explain that you've been watching too much "Beavis & Butthead."  Do it again.  Tell him/her that you're not sorry because this time, they deserved it.
6 50 ways to FREAK your roommate - Put your glasses on before you go to bed.  Take them off as soon as you wake up.  If your roommate asks, explain that they are Magic Dream Glasses.  Complain that you've been having terrible nightmares.
6 50 ways to FREAK your roommate - Eat lots of "Lucky Charms."  Pick out all the yellow moons and stockpile them in the closet.  If your roommate inquires, explain  that visitors are coming, but you can't say anything more, or you'll have to face the consequences.
6 50 ways to FREAK your roommate - Set up meetings with your roommate's faculty advisor.  Inquire about his/her academic potential.  Take lots of notes, and then give your roommate a full report.  Insist that he/she do the same.
6 50 ways to FREAK your roommate - "Drink" a raw egg for breakfast every morning.  Explain that you are in training.  Eat a dozen donuts every night.
6 50 ways to FREAK your roommate - Every Thursday, pack up everything you own and tell your roommate you're going home.  Come back in an hour and explain that no one was home.  Unpack everything and go to sleep.
6 50 ways to FREAK your roommate - Every time you wake up, start yelling, "Oh, my God!  Where the hell am I?!" and run around the room for a few minutes.  Then go back to bed.  If your roommate asks, say you don't know what he/she is talking about.
6 50 ways to FREAK your roommate - Draw a tiny, black spot on your arm.  Make it bigger every day.  Look at it and say, "It's spreading, it's spreading."
6 50 ways to FREAK your roommate - Buy a McDonald's "Happy Meal" for lunch every day.  Eat the straw and the napkin.  Throw everything else away.
6 50 ways to FREAK your roommate - Buy a plant.  Sleep with it at night.  Talk to it.  After a few weeks, start to argue with it loudly.  Then yell, "I can't live in the same room with you," storm out of the room and slam the door.  Get rid of the plant, but keep the pot.  Refuse to discuss the plant ever again.
6 50 ways to FREAK your roommate - Buy a Jack-In-The-Box.  Every day, turn the handle until the clown pops out.  Scream continuously for twenty minutes.
6 50 ways to FREAK your roommate - Hang up pictures of chickens all over the room.  If your roommate eats eggs, yell at him/her and call him/her a cannibal.
6 50 ways to FREAK your roommate - Buy some knives.  Sharpen them every night.  While you're doing so, look at your roommate and mutter, "Soon, soon...."
6 50 ways to FREAK your roommate - Lock the door while your roommate is out.  When he/she comes back and tries to unlock it, yell, "Don't come in, I'm naked!"  Keep this up for several hours.  When you finally let your roommate in, immediately take off all of your clothes, and ignore your roommate.
6 50 ways to FREAK your roommate - Bring in potential "new" roommates from around campus.  Give them tours of the room and the building.  Have them ask about your roommate in front of him/her, and reply, "Oh, him/her?  He/she won't be here much longer."
6 50 ways to FREAK your roommate - If your roommate comes home after midnight, hit him/her on the head with a rolling pin.  Immediately go to bed, muttering, "Ungrateful little..."
6 50 ways to FREAK your roommate - Pile dirty dishes in your roommate's bed.  Insist that you don't know how they got there.
6 50 ways to FREAK your roommate - Collect hundreds of pens and pile them on one side of the room.  Keep one pencil on the other side of the room.  Laugh at the pencil.
6 50 ways to FREAK your roommate - Feign a serious illness for two weeks.  Have a priest come to your room and visit you.  Write out a will, leaving everything to your roommate.  One day, miraculously "recover."  Insist that your roommate write out a will, leaving everything to you.  Every time he/she coughs, excitedly say, "Oooh, are you dying?"
6 50 ways to FREAK your roommate - Live in the hallway for a month.  Afterwards, bring all of your stuff back into the room and tell your roommate, "Okay, your turn."
6 50 ways to FREAK your roommate - Keep a tarantula in a jar for three days.  Then get rid of the tarantula.  If your roommate asks, say, "Oh, he's around here somewhere."
6 50 ways to FREAK your roommate - Tell your roommate, "I've got an important message for you."  Then pretend to faint.  When you recover, say you can't remember what the message was.  Later on, say, "Oh, yeah, I remember!"  Pretend to faint again.  Keep this up for several weeks.
6 50 ways to FREAK your roommate - Bowl inside the room.  Set up tournaments with other people in the building.  Award someone a trophy.  If your roommate wants to bowl too, explain that he/she needs bowling shoes.
6 50 ways to FREAK your roommate - Walk backwards all the time.  Then pretend to trip and hurt yourself.  Fake an injury and go through a long, painful recovery.  Start walking backwards again.
6 50 ways to FREAK your roommate - While your roommate is out, glue your shoes to the ceiling.  When your roommate walks in, sit on the floor, hold your head, and moan.
6 50 ways to FREAK your roommate - Explain to your roommate that you're going to be housing a prospective student in the near future.  One day, bring in a pig.  If your roommate protests, hug the pig and tell your roommate that he/she hurt its feelings.  Watch T.V with the pig, eating lots of bacon.
6 50 ways to FREAK your roommate - Make a sandwich.  Don't eat it, leave it on the floor.  Ignore the sandwich.  Wait until your roommate gets rid of it, and then say, "Hey, where the hell is my sandwich!?"  Complain loudly that you are hungry.
6 50 ways to FREAK your roommate - Punch a hole in the T.V.  Sit and watch it anyway, complaining about the poor picture quality.
6 50 ways to FREAK your roommate - Wear a cape.  Stand in front of an open window for about an hour every day.  Then, one day, when your roommate is gone, go outside and lie down underneath the window, pretending to be hurt, and wait for your roommate to return.  The next day, start standing in front of the window again.
6 50 ways to FREAK your roommate - Collect potatoes.  Paint faces on them and give them names.  Name one after your roommate.  Separate your roommate's potato from the others.  Wait a few days, and then bake your roommate's potato and eat it.  Explain to your roommate, "He just didn't belong."
6 50 ways to FREAK your roommate - Fill an empty shaving cream can with whipped cream.  Use it to shave,and then spray some into your mouth.  Later on, complain that you feel sick. Continue this process for several weeks.
6 50 ways to FREAK your roommate - Cover your bed with a tent.  Live inside it for a week.  If your roommate asks, explain that "It's a jungle out there."  Get your roommate to bring you food and water.
6 50 ways to FREAK your roommate - Keep a vacuum cleaner in the middle of the room.  Look at it with fear for a few days.  Then stay out of the room entirely, opening     the door only a crack and whispering to your roommate, "Psst!  Is it gone?"
6 50 ways to FREAK your roommate - Break the window with a rock.  If your roommate protests, explain that you were hot.  Open and close the broken window as you normally would.
6 50 ways to FREAK your roommate - Throw darts at a bare wall.  All of a sudden, act excited, telling your roommate that you hit the bull's eye.
6 50 ways to FREAK your roommate - Send flowers to your roommate, with a card that says, "I'm sorry.  It won't happen again."  When you see them, start ripping up the flowers.  Repeat the process for a few weeks.
6 50 ways to FREAK your roommate - Call your roommate "Clyde" by accident.  Start doing so every so often.  Increase the frequency over the next few weeks, until you are calling him "Clyde" all the time.  If your roommate protests, say, "I'm sorry.  I won't do that anymore, Murray."
6 50 ways to FREAK your roommate - Hire a night watchman to guard the room while you are sleeping.  Move everything to one side of the room.  Ask your roommate if he knows how much an elephant weighs, and look at the floor on the empty side of the room with concern.
6 50 ways to FREAK your roommate - Practice needlepoint every night.  At one point, grab your thumb and scream, "Owwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww!"  Cry hysterically for a few minutes, and then go to bed.  Sob and sniff all night.
6 50 ways to FREAK your roommate - When your roommate comes in, pretend that you are on the phone,  screaming angrily and shouting obscenities.  After you hang up, say, "That was your mom.  She said she'd call back."
6 50 ways to FREAK your roommate - Every time your roommate comes in, immediately turn off the lights and go to bed.  When he/she leaves, get up and loudly yell, "Okay,     guys, you can come out now."
6 50 ways to FREAK your roommate - Start wearing a crown, all the time.  If your roommate tells you to take it off, say, "What the hell do you think you are?  A king?"
6 50 ways to FREAK your roommate - Sit in front of a chess board for hours, saying nothing, doing nothing.  Then, look up and say, "I think this game goes a lot faster with two players."
6 50 ways to FREAK your roommate - Talk back to your "Rice Krispies."  All of a sudden, act offended, throw the bowl on the floor and kick it.  Refuse to clean it up, explaining, "No, I want to watch them suffer."