Why it's great to be a man: Phone Conversations are over in 30 seconds flat.
Why it's great to be a man: You know stuff about tanks.
Why it's great to be a man: A five-day vacation requires only one suitcase.
Why it's great to be a man: You can open all your own jars.
Why it's great to be a man: Dry cleaners and hair cutters don't rob you blind.
Why it's great to be a man: You can go to the bathroom without a support group.
Why it's great to be a man: You don't have to learn to spell a new last name.
Why it's great to be a man: You can leave the motel bed unmade.
Why it's great to be a man: You can kill your own food.
Why it's great to be a man: You get extra credit for the slightest act of thoughtfulness.
Why it's great to be a man: Wedding plans take care of themselves.
Why it's great to be a man: If someone forgets to invite you to something, he or she can still be your friend.
Why it's great to be a man: Your underwear is $10 for a three-pack.
Why it's great to be a man: If you are 34 and single, nobody notices.
Why it's great to be a man: Everything on your face stays its original color.
Why it's great to be a man: You can quietly enjoy a car ride from the passenger's seat.
Why it's great to be a man: Three pairs of shoes are more than enough.
Why it's great to be a man: You don't have to clean your apartment if the meter reader is coming.
Why it's great to be a man: Car mechanics tell you the truth.
Why it's great to be a man: You can quietly watch a game with your buddy for hours without ever thinking: "He must be mad at me."
Why it's great to be a man: Same work...more pay.
Why it's great to be a man: Gray hair and wrinkles only add character.
why it's great to be a man: a hot date is always just an arms length away.
Why is it great to be a man? 5 inches always pleases us!
Why it's great to be a man: Wedding dress - $2,000. Tuxedo rental - 75 bucks.
Why it's great to be a man: You have something to scratch at red lights!
Why it's great to be a man: You don't mooch off other's desserts.
Why it's great to be a man: You can drop by to see a friend without having to bring a little gift.
Why it's great to be a man: If another guy shows up at the party in the same outfit, you just might become lifelong friends.
why it's great to be a man: what's a tampon?
why it's great to be a man: we dont HAVE to be beautiful and stuff :P
Why it's great to be a man: Your pals can be trusted never to trap you with. "So, notice anything different?"
Why it's great to be a man: You are not expected to know the names of more than five colors.
Why it's great to be a man: You don't have to stop and think of which way to turn a nut on a bolt.
Why it's great to be a man: You almost never have strap problems in public.
Why it's great to be a man: You are unable to see wrinkles in your clothes.
Why it's great to be a man: The same hairstyle lasts for years, maybe decades.
Why it's great to be a man: You don't have to shave below your neck.
Why it's great to be a man: At least a few belches are expected and tolerated.
Why it's great to be a man: Your belly usually hides your big hips.
Why it's great to be a man: One wallet and one pair of shoes, one color, all seasons.
Why it's great to be a man: You can "do" your nails with a pocketknife.
Why it's great to be a man: You have freedom of choice concerning growing a mustache.
Why it's great to be a man: Christmas shopping can be accomplished for 25 relatives, on December 24th, in 45 min.